you preview welcome to the Institute one
of North London's best kept secrets
whatever you're looking for you can be
assured of a warm friendly welcome
qualified experienced teachers and
health and support in achieving your
aims we run a very successful
dressmaking courses here at the
Institute for a number of years and
we've decided to extend our textiles
department and fashion department now
and we're offering a range of more
contemporary and vocational courses as
well the Institute maybe a hundred years
old this year but the way it's growing
and developing it somehow manages to
feel new and fresh we have a great range
of courses here catering both to those
looking to improve their workplace
skills and to legend learners
I chose the Institute because I wanted
to go back to university I wanted to do
a masters I was impressed I felt really
almost at home I felt that this is a
really lovely place to be our
state-of-the-art premises right next to
east vinci tube station with beautiful
setting for your studies and access by
the Northern Line or local bus routes
couldn't be easier let us keep coming
back to the Institute because they see
very clear piles of progression here and
also that the teachers are really
committed to the individual and whatever
they want to do my name is Sandra and
that come from Slovakia I've been
sitting here in this institute for
almost three years really friendly stuff
really teachers really great are really
supportive and I can see my progress
whether you're looking for art design
modern languages health and fitness
cookery fashion and textiles business
media and performing arts science and
cultural studies or want to improve your
English or computer skills we have over
500 different courses for you to choose
from we recently started GCSE maths and
English classes and these are proved
very successful we take adults who may
have struggled with these subjects at
school and we help them with small
groups personal attention innovative
techniques to get through the course
you can study full-time part-time
evening daytime or weekend or arrange
tailor-made courses to suit your needs
my name is joy Solomon I'm a fistful of
the Institute from January you'll find
that we have some new courses link
typical sex University and also some
free taster courses so please have a
look at our website have a look at what
we have on offer and I think you will
find something that's of interest to you
so do come a lot of meters at the
Institute one of North London's best
kept secrets